Using the dataset that you found, create an R Markdown document with the content listed below. 
Be sure to set the echo option to TRUE so all of your code will also print out to the output document of your choice. Review this resource for more on R Markdown: https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/lesson-1.html. 
Put the following information in your R Markdown file: 
Section 1: Description of the data. (10 points)
Describe the dataset you are using, both in terms of the content (what is this data measuring? How was it collected? What kinds of research questions are you hoping to use it to answer?) and in terms of its format (what type of file is it saved in? What if it is in a flat file, is it fixed width or delimited? If it is delimited, what is the delimiter? If it is binary, what is the program that would normally be used to open it?, etc…). 
This will be a paragraph in your output file. 
Section 2: Reading the data into R. (5 points)
Include code that reads the data into R and assigns it to a dataframe that you can use later in the document. This will be your first code chunk. Explain with a #comment which R command(s) you used to read in the data (e.g., read_csv) and which package it came from (if it was not a base R function). 
If there were any special options you needed to use (e.g., skip to skip some rows without data), list those and explain why you used them. 
Section 3: Clean the data. (10 points) 
Include some code to clean the data (e.g., rename columns, convert any dates into a “Date” format), at least two cleaning functions. You can filter to certain rows if you would like. You could also choose to subset/filter your dataset to have fewer columns (you must keep at least 4 columns).
Section 4: Characteristics of the data. (20 points)
Use inline code to put a sentence in your output document that reads: (5/20 points)
This dataframe has ... rows and ... columns. The names of the columns and a brief description of each are in the table below:

Using 3 of your dataframe columns, create a table (using Markdown directly or kable from the knitr package) with 3 columns: (15/20 points)
(1)	the column number
(2)	the column name in the dataframe
(3)	a very brief description of what each column measures
So the table should have 3 columns and 4 rows (one header row and 3 rows)
Section 5: Subset and Summary. (20 points)
Pick 2 columns from the dataframe. You can either create a subset or filter. (5/20 points)
Use a summary command to get the following summaries of these 3 columns: (10/20 points)
(1) minimum value
(2) maximum value
(3) mean value
(4) mode
If your dataset does not have numeric variables, you can present the frequencies for at least 2 columns.
Assign the result of this summary to a new object (<- give it a name), and make sure the summary shows up in your final, rendered output document. (5/20 points)
There is a tips document attached to the assignment instructions. As always, email me if you need help. 
